your favorite scientist
Albert Einstein why
uh
general theory of relativity
[Music]
you know you said in the book you don't
believe in rebirth
um but do you believe in destiny
uh you mean you mean predetermined
Destiny yes no
do you believe in do you believe that
there's life on other planets yes
um
your favorite scientist
Albert Einstein why
uh
general theory of relativity
okay now I'm going to try to get you to
play a game okay it's called use reduce
stop okay so I'm not asking for
scientific explanation large none of
that I'm just imagine you're talking to
your dearest loved one somebody who you
know you just your family whoever
and I'm going to tell you
a substance and would you tell me to use
it reduce using it or stop using it okay
okay and this is in the context of
cancer because we don't know what really
is carcinogenic now what isn't so easy
one tobacco you'd say stop stop
microwaves
uh use
plastic packaged drinking water
uh
don't know
um plastic packaged food any plastic
package food I don't know
but if your loved one is eating from a
plastic package food you would not
comment so
um aside the answer is I don't know
um I can tell you what I do in my own
practice yes which is that I use uh but
I don't hate you don't eat okay
um dairy uh use
um artificial food colors uh don't use
artificial sweeteners don't use but not
for cancer reasons I don't use it for
reasons that have to do with
Endocrinology more than anything else
5G
5G as in cell phones yes use use okay
cell phone towers cell phones yes you
use okay Wi-Fi routers use
hair dyes uh stop
that has a lot of reaction
I got the age profile right now from
that response
um silver cling foil so the what silver
cling foil a tea actin foil you mean tin
foil as I use use okay well this is uh
this has been great so thank you so much